home/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc, before:

= TigerGraph Documentation
:navtitle: home
:page-role: home

Welcome to the TigerGraph documentation site!
Here you can find the reference materials, guides, and examples to develop your application and scale your analytics with the power of graph.

== Get started

[.home-card,cols="3,3,3",grid=none,frame=none]
|===
a|
=== TigerGraph Cloud

A fully-managed cloud database built on the fast and highly scalable TigerGraph Enterprise Server engine.

xref:cloud:start:overview.adoc[]

a|
=== TigerGraph Server
The world’s fastest and most scalable graph analytics platform, breaking through the limitations of other graph technologies to enable real-time big data graph applications.

xref:tigergraph-server:intro:index.adoc[]

a|
=== GSQL
The comprehensive environment for designing graph schemas, loading and managing data to build a graph, and querying the graph to perform data analysis.

xref:gsql-ref:intro:index.adoc[]
|===

[#_tigergraph_suite]
== TigerGraph Suite

TigerGraph Suite is a family of browser-based applications that operate on top of TigerGraph Server. 
GraphStudio and Admin Portal have always been part of a standard TigerGraph installation. 
Starting with TigerGraph 3.7, GraphQL Service, Insights, and GSQL Web Shell all come with a standard TigerGraph installation as part of TigerGraph Suite.

[.home-card,cols="3,3,3,3,3",grid=none,frame=none]
|===
a|
=== GraphStudio
GraphStudio™ is an intuitive, browser-based interface for graph-based application development tasks.

xref:gui:graphstudio:overview.adoc[GraphStudio]
a|
=== Admin Portal

Admin Portal is a browser-based DevOps tool that provides users an overview of a running TigerGraph system from an application and infrastructure point of view.

xref:gui:admin-portal:overview.adoc[Admin Portal]

a|
=== Insights
A no-code visual graph analyzer that makes building data analytics dashboards intuitive.

xref:insights:intro:index.adoc[TigerGraph Insights]


a|
=== GSQL Web Shell
A GSQL shell in your browser, offering a more friendly interface packed with usability features to accelerate your graph journey.

xref:tigergraph-server:gsql-shell:web.adoc[GSQL Web Shell]
a|
=== GraphQL Service
TigerGraph GraphQL Service enables users to access and modify graph data in TigerGraph using GraphQL queries.


xref:graphql:ROOT:index.adoc[]
|===

== Graph Data Science

[.home-card,cols="3,3",grid=none,frame=none]
|===
a|
=== ML Workbench
ML Workbench is a Jupyter-based Python development framework offered either as a fully-managed, on-cloud offering or as an integrated on-prem solution for direct integration with existing machine learning infrastructure.

xref:ml-workbench:intro:index.adoc[]

a|

=== Graph Data Science Library

TigerGraph provides a collection of expertly written GSQL queries that efficiently implement common graph algorithms.


xref:graph-ml:intro:index.adoc[]

|===

== Connectors and APIs

[.home-card,cols="3,3,3,3",grid=none,frame=none]
|===
a|
=== pyTigerGraph
A Python package for connecting to TigerGraph databases.

xref:pytigergraph:intro:index.adoc[]
a|
=== GraphQL Service
Enables users to access graph data in TigerGraph using GraphQL queries.

xref:graphql:ROOT:index.adoc[]

a|
=== JDBC Driver

A Type 4 driver, converting JDBC calls directly into TigerGraph database commands.

link:https://github.com/tigergraph/ecosys/tree/master/tools/etl/tg-jdbc-driver[JDBC Driver]
a|
=== REST API

Endpoints developers can use to communicate with the TigerGraph database.

xref:tigergraph-server:API:index.adoc[]
|===

== Security resources

[.home-card,cols="a,a"]
|===

|
=== TigerGraph Server

TigerGraph Server provides a comprehensive set of features to secure your deployments. Some key features include:

* Authentication
* Role-based access control
* Access control lists
* Data encryption

For more information, see xref:tigergraph-server:security:index.adoc[Security for TigerGraph Server].
|
=== TigerGraph Cloud
TigerGraph Cloud provides additional network security and authorization features on top of all TigerGraph Server security features:

* Dedicated VPCs
* VPC peering
* Private Links
* Integrated Identity and Access Management (IAM)

For more information, see xref:cloud:security:index.adoc[Security for TigerGraph Cloud].
|===

NOTE: See xref:cve-2022-30331.adoc[our response to CVE-2022-30331].

== More developer resources

[.home-card,cols="3a,3a,3a",grid="none",frame="none"]
|===
|=== Developer Portal
All the essential in-house and community developed tools to get the most out of your TigerGraph solution.

link:https://dev.tigergraph.com/[Developer Portal]
|=== TigerGraph University
Complete TigerGraph-developed courses and receive certifications for completed learning paths.

link:https://tigergraphuniversity.lessonly.com/lesson/1005737-welcome-to-tigergraph-university[TigerGraph University]
|=== Community
Join in the conversation and get your questions answered by fellow developers in the TigerGraph community.


https://dev.tigergraph.com/forum/[TigerGraph Community]
|===


== Legacy documentation site
Our new documentation site provides you with improved organization, more accurate search, as well as faster page loading. However, it only contains documentation for TigerGraph 3.2 and later.

To access the documentation for TigerGraph 3.1 or earlier, please visit our https://docs-legacy.tigergraph.com[legacy documentation site].

Commit message:

DOC-1551 Tighten home page; add new release link

home/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc, after:

= TigerGraph Documentation
:navtitle: home
:page-role: home

Here you can find the reference materials, guides, and examples to develop your application and scale your analytics with the power of graph.

NOTE: xref:tigergraph_server:release-notes:index.adoc[TigerGraph 3.8] was released on Nov. 15, 2022.

== Get started

[.home-card,cols="3,3,3",grid=none,frame=none]
|===
a|
=== TigerGraph Cloud

A fully-managed cloud database built on the fast and highly scalable TigerGraph Enterprise Server engine.

xref:cloud:start:overview.adoc[]

a|
=== TigerGraph Server
The world’s fastest and most scalable graph analytics platform, enabling real-time big data applications.

xref:tigergraph-server:intro:index.adoc[]

a|
=== GSQL
TigerGraph's comprehensive graph language for designing schemas, loading data, querying, and analyzing your graph.

xref:gsql-ref:intro:index.adoc[]
|===

[#_tigergraph_suite]
== TigerGraph Suite

A family of browser-based applications for TigerGraph Server, serving the needs of developers, analytics, data scientists, and IT. Also includes xref:ml-workbench:intro:index.adoc[ML Workbench] and xref:graphql:ROOT:index.adoc[GraphQL Service].

[.home-card,cols="3,3,3,3",grid=none,frame=none]
|===
a|
=== GraphStudio
An intuitive, browser-based interface for graph-based application development tasks.

xref:gui:graphstudio:overview.adoc[GraphStudio]
a|
=== Admin Portal
Your hub for managing and monitoring system operation and access privileges.

xref:gui:admin-portal:overview.adoc[Admin Portal]

a|
=== Insights
A no-code visual graph analyzer that makes building data analytics dashboards intuitive.

xref:insights:intro:index.adoc[TigerGraph Insights]

a|
=== GSQL Web Shell
A GSQL shell in your browser, packed with usability features to accelerate your graph journey.

xref:tigergraph-server:gsql-shell:web.adoc[GSQL Web Shell]

|===

== Graph Data Science

[.home-card,cols="3,3",grid=none,frame=none]
|===
a|
=== ML Workbench
A package of in-database ML functions and Jupyter notebook templates to accelerate the development of graph-enhanced machine learning, available as a TigerGraph Cloud service or an installable package to integrate with existing machine learning infrastructure.


xref:ml-workbench:intro:index.adoc[]

a|

=== Graph Data Science Library

A package of over 50 graph data science algorithms executing as GSQL queries on the TigerGraph Enterprise Server.


xref:graph-ml:intro:index.adoc[]

|===

== Connectors and APIs

[.home-card,cols="3,3,3,3",grid=none,frame=none]
|===
a|
=== REST API
Endpoints that developers can use to communicate with the TigerGraph database.

xref:tigergraph-server:API:index.adoc[]

a|
=== pyTigerGraph
A Python package for working with TigerGraph, including data science functions.

xref:pytigergraph:intro:index.adoc[]

a|
=== GraphQL Service
GraphQL API support for both reading and modifying TigerGraph data.

xref:graphql:ROOT:index.adoc[]

a|
=== JDBC Driver

A Type 4 driver, converting JDBC calls directly into TigerGraph database commands.

link:https://github.com/tigergraph/ecosys/tree/master/tools/etl/tg-jdbc-driver[JDBC Driver]
|===

== Security resources

[.home-card,cols="a,a"]
|===

|
=== TigerGraph Server

TigerGraph Server provides a comprehensive set of features to secure your deployments. Some key features include:

* Authentication
* Role-based access control
* Access control lists
* Data encryption

For more information, see xref:tigergraph-server:security:index.adoc[Security for TigerGraph Server].
|
=== TigerGraph Cloud
TigerGraph Cloud provides additional network security and authorization features on top of all TigerGraph Server security features:

* Dedicated VPCs
* VPC peering
* Private Links
* Integrated Identity and Access Management (IAM)

For more information, see xref:cloud:security:index.adoc[Security for TigerGraph Cloud].
|===

NOTE: See xref:cve-2022-30331.adoc[our response to CVE-2022-30331].

== More developer resources

[.home-card,cols="3a,3a,3a",grid="none",frame="none"]
|===
|=== Developer Portal
All the essential in-house and community developed tools to get the most out of your TigerGraph solution.

link:https://dev.tigergraph.com/[Developer Portal]
|=== TigerGraph University
Complete TigerGraph-developed courses and receive certifications for completed learning paths.

link:https://tigergraphuniversity.lessonly.com/lesson/1005737-welcome-to-tigergraph-university[TigerGraph University]
|=== Community
Join in the conversation and get your questions answered by fellow developers in the TigerGraph community.


https://dev.tigergraph.com/forum/[TigerGraph Community]
|===


== Legacy documentation site
To access the documentation for TigerGraph 3.1 or earlier, please visit our https://docs-legacy.tigergraph.com[legacy documentation site].
